[NARRATOR] On the last
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Gohan, Krillin, and Piccolo
waged a desperate battle
against Nappa, hoping to buy
what little time they could.
Meanwhile, Goku raced
toward the battlefield
on his Flying Nimbus...
But with the Earthlings'
attacks against
the Saiyans
proving ineffective,
the hero's arrival
may come too late...!
The Saiyans close
in for the kill--
Now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NAPPA] Ah!
Yaaaaahhh!
[PICCOLO]
Auuugh!
[GOHAN]
Why'd you do that?!
[PICCOLO] Just run...
Gohan... Before it's--
[thud]
[GOHAN] No...!
You can't die like this--
not by saving
me...! Piccolo!
[PICCOLO] Da... Damn it,
boy--run away...
While there's still time...
[GOHAN]
Forget about it!
I'm not gonna
run away--
not if it means leaving
you here like this...
Just hold on...
Dad's coming...
[NAPPA] Ah, dang it...
I had intended on
saving that one for last,
but oh well...
I guess it's all
the same in the end.
[GOKU] Someone's power
is fading rapidly...
Someone's dying!
[KAMI] So this how my
story ends, after all...
Goku couldn't make it in time
to prevent Piccolo's death...
but in his last moments
my dark counterpart
outshone even me...
An encouraging thought...
[MR. POPO]
Kami, nooo!!!
[PICCOLO] What a sorry
excuse I've become...
Me: Piccolo,
laying down his life
to protect some whiney
little pipsqueak...
[GOHAN]
Piccolo...
[PICCOLO]
Gohan...
You're the only
person I've ever known
who didn't treat
me like a monster...
[GOHAN] Yeah, but my
dad used to tell me...
He said ever since
you were reborn,
you're not nearly as
bad as you used to be.
He said now you're
more grumpy than evil.
I don't know--I think
he was kinda right...
But... I mean my mom
is still totally
scared of you and all...
[GOHAN]
No fair...
You promised you wouldn't
use your eye beams thing.
[PICCOLO] And
what if I did...?
You can never
trust your enemy,
especially in a fight!
[GOHAN]
Yeah...? Well...
But you're not the enemy.
[PICCOLO] Tru...
Truth be told,
this last year...
wasn't so bad...
[GOHAN]
Piccolo, please!
[PICCOLO]
Thank you, Gohan.
[GOHAN] Nooooooo!
[KAMI] Take care,
old friend...
I leave the rest to you.
[MR. POPO]
Kami...!
Kami!!!
[NAPPA] Alright...!
Bring it on!
[GOHAN]
Masenko...!!!
[KRILLIN]
Gohan...?
[VEGETA] Seven-hundred...
Fifteen-hundred...
What the...?
[VEGETA] These
Earthlings can hide
their true strength--
Nappa, look out!
The little one's power level
has risen to
twenty-eight hundred!
[NAPPA] That's
more like it, boy!
[GOHAN] Haaaaaa!
[NAPPA] Yaaahh!
[explosion]
[NAPPA] Hey, not a
bad move there, kid...
That actually kinda
stung. Ha ha ha...
You're just full
of surprises, huh?
[VEGETA] Hmm...
Well, well... Heh.
His power's dropping
like a stone now--
the brat used it
all on one shot.
[GOHAN] Piccolo...
I'm sorry...
i tried to avenge you
[KRILLIN] Run!
Get out of there!
He's gonna kill you!
[NAPPA] Ha ha! Be sure
to tell your dead friends
I said hello.
[GOHAN]
No, Krillin.
I just don't have the
strength any more...
[NAPPA] Ahh... don't
worry about it kiddo,
'cause when
your dad sees you
crushed to a bloody pulp--
I'll be sure and tell
him how noble you were!
[GOHAN]
Ni-Nimbus...?
It's my dad!
[KRILLIN]
He made it.
[VEGETA] Nice
of you to drop by.
[VEGETA] Still... I'm a
little embarrassed for you,
I have to admit...
I mean, I sincerely hope you
didn't come all this way--
back from the dead even--
believing you stood
any chance against us...
That would be a shame.
[GOKU]
What happened to him?
[GOHAN] He died... trying
to protect me from them.
[GOKU] Tien...
[GOKU] Yamcha...
[NAPPA] Ha ha ha!
Does seein'
these losers dead
send your blood pressure
through the roof...?
There was another one
around here somewhere--
but I guess there wouldn't
be much left of him now.
[NAPPA] A strong
little runt.
You might say he went
out with a bit of a bang.
[GOKU] Those bastards!
They killed Chiaotzu...!
And now Kami,
too...? Damn it!
[NAPPA] Hey, look
on the bright side--
no need to grieve...
You're all about
to be reunited!
And here you've gone
through all the trouble
of coming back to life...
[VEGETA] His power level's
increasing exponentially!
[NAPPA]
Somebody's eager...
You really miss
'em that much?
[NAPPA] Well you'll
get no argument from me.
[VEGETA] And he's fast!
[GOKU]
This way, buddy...
[GOKU] Krillin...
[KRILLIN]
W-Welcome back.
[GOKU] Sorry it
took me so long...
But hey... You two
held your own, huh...?
Here you go...
Eat up--I want each
of you to take half.
[KRILLIN]
A senzu bean...?
I... I didn't think
Korin had any left...
[GOKU] You're lookin'
at the last one.
[KRILLIN]
You eat it, then.
It would just
be wasted on me.
[GOKU]
Don't talk like that--
I had one on the
way here anyhow.
[KRILLIN] Trust me, you'll
wanna hold onto it...
You know, just in case...
Besides, even at
the top of my game
I'm pretty much useless
against these guys.
[GOKU] Yeah, well
I've got the bean
so it's my decision...
If you don't eat half
I'm gonna throw it away...
Come on.
[KRILLIN]
Thanks, Goku.
[GOKU]
Okay, now. You too.
[GOKU] Krillin--
you've gotten a lot
more powerful
this last year, huh?
[KRILLIN]
Yeah, I thought so too
before we actually
started to fight...
Then it felt like
the best I had in me
was some kinda joke...
They died...
All of them...
It's a miracle any
of us even survived.
[GOKU] Gohan, I barely
recognized you at first...
Heh...
You've been trainin'
really hard, haven't ya?
[GOHAN] That's right,
I've been training
all year with Piccolo...
He was teaching me to
be strong like you are...
[GOHAN] But now...
He's gone...
And that means we can't
use the Dragon Balls
to bring him or anyone
else back to life...
[KRILLIN] I say
it's payback time...!
Right...? There's three
of us, two of them...
Yeah...! And hey...
You've been training
with the great King Kai...
With all that goin'
for us, well...
we should be
able to take down
at least one of 'em,
dont'cha think?!
[GOKU] Yeah.
Only thing, though...
You two aren't part
of the equation...
This is my fight...
Don't try to interfere...
I want the both of you
sittin' on the sidelines.
[KRILLIN] But that...
That's nuts...!
Look, you may have
gotten super strong...
But these freaks...
They're unreal...!
You can't even imagine
what they're capable of...!
You can't take
'em by yourself!
[GOHAN] Dad, you gotta
listen...! He's right!
[KRILLIN] Goku...
[GOHAN] Where are
you going?! Dad!
[KRILLIN] Wait--it
might not be a good idea
to get in his way...
[GOHAN]
What's he gonna do?
[KRILLIN] I've never seen
Goku so angry before...
He's like a different guy...
I don't think there
is a place for us
in this fight, Gohan...
[NAPPA] Oh, no.
You do not wanna make
that face at me...
Unless that's the
look you wanna greet
your friends with
on the other side!
[GOKU]
This ends now...
And you're gonna pay!
[GOHAN]
Dad's power, it's...
It's awesome!
[VEGETA]
Seven-thousand...
Eight-thousand... No...
This... This is impossible!
[GOKU] Yaaaaaa!
[NAPPA] Vegeta...!
What does the scouter
say about his power level?!
[VEGETA] It's over
eight-thousand... ugh!
[NAPPA]
Eight-thousand...!
Come on that
can't be right...
it must be broken,
or something!
[GOKU]
You're going down...
And I doubt I'll even have
to use the Kaio-ken
against you.
[VEGETA] Kaio-ken...?
[NAPPA]
You don't scare me!
Nobody but nobody
intimidates the mighty Nappa!
[VEGETA] What?!
[KRILLIN] How...
How did he do that?
[NAPPA] How'd you
get back there?
[NAPPA]
You... You...!
[GOKU] You know,
as much as you
puffed yourself up,
I'm kinda disappointed.
[NAPPA]
What did you say?!
[NAPPA] Are you...
Are you tryin' to tell me
I'm all bark and no bite?!
[GOKU] If that
flailin' around
was your idea of
an attack, then yeah.
[NAPPA] Oh really...
Then maybe you should
teach me a thing or two!
Yaaaaah!
[VEGETA]
How strange...
To think that his
power could increase
so much now,
when he was more or
less an equal to Raditz...
[NAPPA] Hyaaa!
[GOKU] Over here!
[KRILLIN] Um...
Okay, that I didn't
even see... Did you?
[GOHAN]
Uh uh...
But, wow...
[VEGETA] I refuse
to believe this...
How could anyone
gain so much power
in such a short
amount of time?
[GOKU]
Just so you know...
That was for Chiaotzu.
[NAPPA] Damn you!
[GOKU] And this
is for Yamcha!
[NAPPA] Filthy, arrogant,
wretched little...
[NAPPA] Sc... Sc...
Scum sucking pig!
[GOKU]
Ha...! Seriously?
[NAPPA] Huh?
[NAPPA] What the...?!
[VEGETA]
Is this possible...
he just dodged it
with a powerful shout?
[NAPPA]
That was luck!
[GOKU]
This one's for Tien!
[NAPPA] What's
wrong with me...!
How can Kakarot be so
much more powerful...?!
Wait, no...!
[GOKU] And this one...
Is for Piccolo!
[KRILLIN] Wow!
Look at him go...!
He's invincible...! Goku!
[GOHAN]
Yay Dad!
[KRILLIN]
Keep it up!
[crash]
[NAPPA]
Bastard! Haaaaahhh...
You're gonna die!
[GOKU]
That's some strength...
I'd be more impressed
if you knew what
to do with it, though.
[NAPPA] I am a member of
an elite warrior class...!
I will not be made a fool
of by some bottom-feeder!
[NAPPA] You'll
be beggin' for death
by the time
I'm done with you!
[VEGETA] Nappa!
Use your head...!
Don't let his nonchalant
attitude get under your skin--
that's what's giving
him the advantage!
[VEGETA]
Calm down and think!
[NAPPA] You're right.
Thanks, Vegeta.
I've got to stay
level-headed...
[NAPPA] Almost
lost my composure...
[VEGETA]
Brick-headed, spastic...
The way things are going
I'll have to step in.
[NAPPA] I gotta
hand it to ya;
pretty sneaky move there,
getting' me all worked up...
That's not gonna fly from
here on out, though...
From here on out,
I'm a machine.
[GOKU] Now that's
what I like to hear...
Show me whatcha got.
[NAPPA] You sure like
to talk big, don't ya?
[VEGETA] It's not
just talk, you idiot...
Any halfwit
could see he's got
the confidence
to back it up.
[KRILLIN]
Whoa... Okay.
[GOHAN]
What are they doing?
[NAPPA]
Rrrrrrgh! Haaaaaaaaugh!
[loud explosion]
[NAPPA]
I can see you!
[GOKU] Whoa...
You weren't kiddin'!
This is much more like it!
[NAPPA] Much more
like it, huh...?
You're about to
have those words
crammed right back
down your throat...
[NAPPA]
Compliments of my own.
[VEGETA] He's a
freak of nature--
no one with their head
on straight would try
to strike back so quickly
at such close range!
[GOKU] If I had taken
that blast full-on,
I might've been
in pretty bad shape.
[NAPPA]
But that was my...
My ultimate technique,
and he just
brushed it aside...!
Like some kind
of old plaything...
[GOKU] You really are
a tough one, huh...?
The Kamehame-Ha
should've at least done
a little bit
of damage to ya...
Neither of
us are gonna make
much headway at this rate.
[VEGETA]
That's enough, Nappa.
Back down...!
I believe the traitor has
proven himself to be your match.
[NAPPA] What?!
[VEGETA] Don't
give me that look!
Thanks to your
monumental incompetence,
it seems I have no
choice but to step in
and finish this myself.
[KRILLIN] I think the shorter
one's done just standin' by...
Man, I don't like this--
even the big
guy's scared of him.
[NARRATOR] The true
test of Goku's skills...
Vegeta--next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Some of my best
friends have fallen
because of this
Vegeta guy...
[VEGETA]
Be grateful!
Nobody like you gets a
one-in-a-million chance
to be schooled by a warrior
so out of his league!
[GOKU] I hate to
break it to ya, pal,
but this nobody's
about to move
to the head of the class.
[VEGETA] Then
prepare to be given
a lesson in humility!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] That's it!
You show him, Dad!